# DH-150-Assignment-05

## The Purpose of UX Storytelling

The purpose of UX storytelling is to put yourself in the shoes of the user to better understand their actions. The idea is to understand how the user feels when they use the product and how that can result in negative or positive emotions.

## Design Features
- Customizable homepage (ability to move around the categories to what you prefer at the top, recents, suggested, genres, liked, etc)
- Transparency in what's available, search availability

## Persona 1: Maria Cervantez

#### WHY?
Maria has a long week of classes, being a teacher’s aid and working at the bookstore on weekends. It's a Saturday afternoon and she just completed a morning shift at the bookstore. Knowing she needs to grade student papers at some point during the day she sits down on the couch to rest her feet. Maria told herself that she would start taking better care of herself and giving herself more concrete breaks. Accepting that she's too tired to workout she decides the best way to relieve her stress in the limited time she has she opens her computer to watch a movie. She decides to watch a documentary about art restoration because she hasn’t been spending enough time thinking about what she wants to do after graduate school. Maria concludes that she can relax and inform herself by watching a documentary. 

### HOW?
Maria opens one of the few streaming platforms she owns and hopes that the platforms algorithm will give her a suggestion that she's interested in watching. She has watched many art restoration shows and movies, so she knows what she likes and dislikes. On the home page she notices there are many different ways she can navigate the platform but she decides to scroll through the home page to find the suggested category. After scanning through the different categories (such as recently released and popular now), she is having a difficult time finding the category she knows exists. Eventually towards the bottom after a minute of scrolling she finds the suggested section. However, the suggested section is playing more towards her interest in comedy not so much her interest in art restoration. Disappointed but still determined Maria goes to find the genre section of the platform. She scrolls all the way back to the top of the page and clicks on the documentary genre. She scans for a few minutes and is unsatisfied with the selection. She finds one that sounds familiar so she begins to watch it and stops after an hour because she needs to start grading papers. *one hour later* Maria knows she will need to go to the recently watched section to find the documentary she was watching because she couldn’t remember the name. She notices that the recently watched section and the suggested section are on completely different pages. Maria knows she is really comfortable using technology but is frustrated that she can’t make the process easier. She wishes that she could customize the homepage of the streaming platform to features she actually uses.

## Persona 2: Jean Kelly

#### WHY?
Jean just returned home from work after a long day of drafting buildings. One of her coworkers suggested a show on how to use household scraps to make sculptures. Jean doesn’t intend to start the craft today but would like to watch the show while she's making food and cleaning up the kitchen. Her husband isn’t back home from work and both her children are away at school. She is confident that she can find this one show to watch so she turns on her TV and begins to navigate the first streaming platform. 

#### HOW?
After selecting the first streaming platform she uses the very prominent search bar at the top of the screen and types in the title of the show. This action results in a “not available” notification, slightly annoyed she switches platforms and it results in the same “not available” notification. At this point she has spent between five and ten minutes navigating between platforms. Jean is frustrated but not ready to give up so she resorts to google. She asks the search engine which platform the show she would like to watch is on. Google notifies her that it can be found on a platform she has not checked yet. Relieved and feeling successful, Jean pulls up the suggested streaming platform and attempts to search for the show. This platform Jean doesn’t often use so she gets stumped briefly trying to find the proper search bar to use. At last she finds the search bar and successfully finds the available show. Hopes are high and she selects on the show which leads her to a new page with the “start now” button. She almost clicks play when she notices something different, next to the play button there is a caption that states “for purchase only: $12.99”. After wasting more than 20 minutes trying to find a single show Jean is extremely frustrated and annoyed. She doesn't understand how the monthly service she is paying for is asking for more money. Out of frustration she calls her son to ask why this is and where she can find the show. Her son picks up sensing the annoyance and attempts to solve the problem. He tells his mom that she can rent the show for $2.99, however Jean is already disappointed with the service she is being provided so she refuses to pay for the show. The frustration she is feeling results from the show not being available and the time she has wasted after an already long day. Jean resolves her problem by resorting to a familiar platform and watching a show she has already seen. 


